Add SCIM provisioning documentation for HCP (#2561)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/partials/hcp-administration/manage-users.mdx

1. You can perform the following actions:
   * Click **Remove** to delete the user from your organization.
   * Choose a new role from the **Role** drop-down menu.
1. Click **Save**.

### Manage SCIM-provisioned users

When SCIM provisioning is enabled, user lifecycle management is handled by your identity provider:

- **User creation** - Users are automatically created in HCP when assigned to the application in your identity provider
- **User updates** - Profile changes made in your identity provider automatically sync to HCP
- **User removal** - Users removed from the application in your identity provider are automatically removed from HCP

> - **Role assignments** - You can still assign roles to SCIM-provisioned users in HCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User creation: Users are automatically created in HCP when assigned to the application in your identity provider
- User updates: Profile changes made in your identity provider automatically sync to HCP
- User removal: Users removed from the application in your identity provider are automatically removed from HCP
- Role assignment: You can still assign roles to SCIM-provisioned users in HCP
```

> To identify SCIM-provisioned users, check the **SCIM provisioning** column in the users list. Users with a status of "Syncing" are managed by SCIM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To identify SCIM-provisioned users, check the **SCIM provisioning** column in the users list. Users with a status of **Synced** are managed by SCIM.
```
